add: restart library to run restartable applications (#5139)
PostgREST/postgrest: restart/README.md

# restart

This directory contains the source code for the `restart` internal library.

The library provides a small framework for running an application that can
replace its own process. It is intentionally independent of PostgREST-specific
state: callers provide the application lifecycle actions, and the library
handles process mode detection, restart request coordination, and the
parent/child handover protocol where the platform supports it.

> 
> ## Source Layout
> 
> - `common/System/Process/Restart.hs` is the public module. It re-exports the
>   platform-independent API and the selected platform implementation.
> - `common/System/Process/Restart/Shared.hs` defines public types shared by all
>   platforms, including `ProcessConfig`, `StartupMode`, `AppRun`, `Ready`,
>   and `HandoverError`.
> - `posix/System/Process/Restart/Impl.hs` implements real process handover for
>   POSIX platforms. It starts replacement processes, coordinates the private
>   READY/COMMIT protocol over pipes, installs the optional SIGHUP restart
>   handler, and integrates with systemd notifications when `NOTIFY_SOCKET` is
>   available.
> - `windows/System/Process/Restart/Impl.hs` preserves the same public API on
>   Windows, but runs applications without replacement handover because the POSIX
>   protocol is not available there.
> 
> The Cabal stanza always includes `src/restart/common` and adds either
> `src/restart/posix` or `src/restart/windows` through platform-specific
> `hs-source-dirs`.

Reviewer: @mkleczek Many thanks for this doc, it helps a lot in understanding the big picture. 

I suggest to remove some internal details that are prone to change and are not necessary for the big picture:
```suggestion
## Code Map

- `common/System/Process/Restart.hs` is the public module. It re-exports the
  platform-independent API and the selected platform implementation.
- `common/System/Process/Restart/Shared.hs` defines public types shared by all
  platforms.
- `posix/System/Process/Restart/Impl.hs` implements real process handover for
  POSIX platforms. It starts replacement processes, coordinates the private
  READY/COMMIT protocol over pipes, installs the optional SIGHUP restart
  handler, and integrates with systemd notifications when `NOTIFY_SOCKET` is
  available.
- `windows/System/Process/Restart/Impl.hs` preserves the same public API on
  Windows, but runs applications without replacement handover because the POSIX
  protocol is not available there.
```

Renaming as `Code Map` to follow the same pattern as https://docs.postgrest.org/en/v14/explanations/architecture.html#code-map
